# INST377-Final-Project
## Project Title: Official NBA Statistics 
## Names: Sarah Peng, Shengjie Liu, Zachariah Zachariah
## Description of project: 

The goal of our project is to create a that platform aims to provide a user-friendly and visually appealing way to access NBA statistics for people in fantasy leagues and sports betting. We understand that it can be overwhelming to navigate through the vast amount of data available, so we have designed our platform to make it easy for users to search for specific players or teams and compare their stats based on different criteria. To achieve this, we use graphs and images to visualize the data, making it easier for users to understand and interpret the information. For example, the user has the options to create bar and line graphs to compare the average points per game for a specific season year between 5 user picked NBA players. We were able to make the graphs by making use of the Javascript Chart.js library. In addition, the user also has the option to use a team map to show the different teams across the country just by clicking the region representing the team and that will provide the user API fetched information about the chosen team. Furthermore, our platform is not only useful for people in fantasy leagues or sports betting, but also for sponsors and the NBA in general. By providing a comprehensive and easy-to-use platform for accessing NBA statistics, we hope to contribute to the growth and success of the league.

In terms of the API we chose, we chose The BALLDONTLIE API which is a platform that provides NBA team and individual stats. The reason we chose this API is because we wanted to help sports betters and those who engage in NBA fantasy leagues make more informed and logical decisions. By using this API, we can provide our users with accurate and up-to-date information that can help them make better decisions.

Link to API: https://app.balldontlie.io/

To display this information, we will be styling our web pages using HTML and CSS. We have also used page transition animations, gifs, and custom styled CSS buttons that we aquired from online sources but have personalized/modified them to make them more aligned with our platform's visual asthetics. Additionally, we will be using Javascript to fetch the API using the FETCH method. This will allow us to retrieve the data we need and display it in a user-friendly way. Our platoform, also makes use of Express as our Javascript Framework using Node.js which handles the backend and server-side of our application. Lastly, our platform makes use of a Supabase database that contains tables that provide critical NBA player and teams stats for users. In addition, the user can also insert information into the database as well. 

## Description of target browsers: 
